a medium size bird with a black crown and nape, white superciliary, bright yellow beak and tarsus, slim pale grey wings with black edges and a white belly.                                              
this is a grey bird with a black head and an orange beak.                                                                                                                                                
light gray bird with yellow medium length bill, white crown and black nape.                                                                                                                              
thisbirdhasalightgreybody,blackcrown,napeandcheekpatch,whiteeyebrows,andalong,narrowyellowbill.                                                                                                          
this bird has a black crown and nape with the rest of its body in grey and white color.                                                                                                                  
this bird is grey with black and has a long, pointy beak.                                                                                                                                                
this bird is white and black in color, with a yellow beak.                                                                                                                                               
the bird is medium sized with a yellow bill and a black crown.                                                                                                                                           
a white bird with black around its eyes and head with a bright orange beak.                                                                                                                              
this large white bird has accents of gray and black on its wings and face, and a large yellow beak.                                                                                                      