this bird's belly is white with black spots and its crown and wings are light brown with some white.                                                                                                     
a small brown bird with black spots.                                                                                                                                                                     
mostly rusty brown small bird with long pointy black beak, brown and white spotted breast and belly.                                                                                                     
this bird is brown with white and black on its belly and has a long, pointy beak.                                                                                                                        
a brown and white bird with brown wings, white wingbars, and white belly with brown spots.                                                                                                               
this bird is white and brown in color with a black beak, and black eye rings.                                                                                                                            
this medium size bird has brown feathers from the tale to the head on top and on it's wings. underneath it's belly it is white with spots of brown on top.                                               
this bird has brown wingbars with a grey bill and brown crown.                                                                                                                                           
long black bill bird with medium brown coloring from crown to rectrices and white with black spotted throat to abdomen.                                                                                  
this bird is brown with a white belly and a black beak.                                                                                                                                                  