a white bodied bird with black wings and an orange beak.                                                                                                                                                 
the bird has a white head and chest and orange tarsals and webbed feet.                                                                                                                                  
a white bird with black wings and a black tail, along with orange webbed tarsus.                                                                                                                         
thisbirdhasawhitebody,blackwings,largebill,andlargeorangetarsusandfeet.                                                                                                                                  
a bird with a rounded orange bill, white body webbe feet and black wings.                                                                                                                                
this bird is white with black and has a long, pointy beak.                                                                                                                                               
the bird has large orange webbed feet with a yellow curved bill.                                                                                                                                         
a big white bird with black wings and orange feet.                                                                                                                                                       
this bird has a white crown, black primaries, and a white belly.                                                                                                                                         
this bird has bright orange webbed feet and is black on the wings and tail, white everywhere else.                                                                                                       